speech us watch today in what I'm gonna
do this is a pre lose to my heavy squat
day you this Monday
today's Friday I choose a weight that is
half full what my last back several sets
gonna be so I'm going up to seven place
six chains gonna go three and a half
plates and three chains for all my sex
now I put a little twist on thanks sis
up and done via super heavyweight I have
to stay in shape so I usually do a set
of kettlebell swings right after really
taxing the body you notice I don't wear
any belts and everything it's just
office and also walk the weight out I'm
found it's really helped stabilize
weight when I did in the model so I put
a little bit of oil in there
watch how I going to suspend a change
the change works great for speed work I
never do see me work on the boxes always
the tape they're good
all right
but six or eight of those about 24
reps in Hector's move up
30 to 40 rest kettles great body work on
speed a/c on a plan